c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\obj\Debug\WcfServices.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\WcfServices.dll.config
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\WcfServices.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\WcfServices.pdb
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\obj\Debug\WcfServices.dll
c:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\obj\Debug\WcfServices.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopWCF\WcfServices\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
